[DOCS] Update GX Cloud Documentation to Reflect Move to Org Agent (#9204)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/set_up_gx_cloud.md

description: Set up GX Cloud.
---

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

> If you're the first person in your org to access GX Cloud, you're assigned Admin permissions. You're responsible for generating and recording access tokens, setting environment variables, installing and starting the GX Cloud agent, and inviting users to your org. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're the first person in your org to access GX Cloud, you're assigned Admin permissions. Admins are responsible for generating and recording access tokens, setting environment variables, installing and starting the GX Cloud agent, and inviting users to the org. 
```
This reads as though the first person to access the org is solely responsible for these tasks. It's worth noting that the first person to access the org will have admin permissions, but they may not be the only one to receive admin permissions (for instance, if they add another user and assign them as an admin).

Author: @Rachel-Reverie, this topic no longer appears in the TOC. I am keeping it temporarily in case it is required when additional Data Sources are supported.

    If you stop the GX Agent, close the terminal, and open a new terminal you'll need to set the environment variables again.

    To edit an environment variable, stop the GX Cloud agent, edit the environment variable, save the change, and then restart the GX Cloud agent.

## Invite a user

1. In GX Cloud, click **Settings** > **Users**.

2. Click **Invite User** and complete the following fields:

    - **Email** - Enter the user's email address.

    - **Organization Role** - Select **Viewer**, **Editor**, or **Admin**. Viewers can view Checkpoints and Validation Results, Editors can create and edit Expectations and can create access tokens, and Admins can perform all GX Cloud administrative functions.

3. Click **Invite**.

    An email invitation is sent to the user.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Viewer/Editor">

> When your Admin invites you to an org, you'll need to generate and record your access tokens, set the environment variables to access Data Assets on your Data Source, and then sign in to GX Cloud.

Reviewer: This seems out of place, since the entire previous portion of this section is addressed to the admin who is doing the invitation, and then this pivots to address the invitee.  Maybe there should be an additional section: "Joining a GX Cloud org" which covers the invitee's actions?

Reviewer: Alternatively, rephrase this:
```suggestion
When someone is invited to an org, they will need to generate and record their access tokens, set their environment variables to access Data Assets on the org's Data Sources, and then sign in to GX Cloud.
```
Although: is this still the case?  I'm still unclear on if the invitees need to set environment variables, or if only the admin does when they set up the org agent.

Author: @Rachel-Reverie, this topic no longer appears in the TOC. I am keeping it temporarily in case it is required when additional Data Sources are supported.

    GX recommends deleting the temporary file after you set the environment variables.

## Set the environment variables (Optional)

To connect to Data Assets stored on a Data Source, you'll need to set your access credentials as environment variables. Environment variables securely store your GX Cloud access credentials. The GX Cloud agent runs open source GX code in GX Cloud, and it allows you to securely access your data without connecting to it or interacting with it directly. 

Currently, the GX Cloud user interface is configured for Snowflake and this procedure assumes you have a Snowflake Data Source. If you don't have a Snowflake Data Source, you won't be able to connect to Data Assets, create Expectation Suites and Expectations, run Validations, or create Checkpoints.

1. Run the following code to set the `GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN`, `GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID`, and `GX_CLOUD_SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD` environment variables:

    ```bash title="Terminal input"
    export GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=<user_access_token>
    export GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID=<organization_id>

>     export GX_CLOUD_SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD=<snowflake_password>

Reviewer 2: We don't want to recommend this to users as the default action.

Author: @TrangPham I have modified the code sample and revised the following note.

    - **Organization Role** - Select **Viewer**, **Editor**, or **Admin**. Viewers can view Checkpoints and Validation Results, Editors can create and edit Expectations and can create access tokens, and Admins can perform all GX Cloud administrative functions.

3. Click **Invite**.

    An email invitation is sent to the user.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Viewer/Editor">

When your Admin invites you to an org, you'll need to generate and record your access tokens, set the environment variables to access Data Assets on your Data Source, and then sign in to GX Cloud.

## Prepare your environment

1. Download and install Python. See [Active Python Releases](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

2. Download and install pip. See the [pip documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip/).

## Sign in to GX Cloud

To join a GX Cloud org, you must be invited by your org Admin. After you're invited, you're sent an email invitation to join the org. If you didn't receive an email invitation, contact your org Admin.

1. In your GX Cloud email invitation, click **click here** to set your password and sign in.

2. Enter and then confirm your new password, and then click **Reset password**.

> 3. Click **Back to <org name>**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Back to ORG_NAME**. 
```
One of the build failures appears to be due to docusaurus identifying <org name> as a JSX tag without a close, rather than rendering it as plain text.
